sampleRead00	Desulfuromonadales
sampleRead01	Gammaproteobacteria
sampleRead02	Alphaproteobacteria
sampleRead03	Cellulomonadaceae
sampleRead04	Dictyoglomaceae
sampleRead05	Bacteria
sampleRead06	Dictyoglomaceae
sampleRead07	Alphaproteobacteria
sampleRead08	Actinobacteria
sampleRead09	Proteobacteria
sampleRead10	Actinobacteria
sampleRead11	Shewanella hanedai
sampleRead12	Cellulomonas
sampleRead13	Gammaproteobacteria
sampleRead14	Xanthobacteraceae
sampleRead15	Phenylobacterium immobile
sampleRead16	delta/epsilon subdivisions
sampleRead17	cellular organisms
sampleRead18	Alteromonadales
sampleRead19	delta/epsilon subdivisions
sampleRead20	Dictyoglomia
sampleRead21	Caulobacterales
sampleRead22	Micrococcales
sampleRead23	Phenylobacterium
sampleRead24	Methylophilus methylotrophus
sampleRead25	Dictyoglomus
sampleRead26	Caulobacterales
sampleRead27	cellular organisms
sampleRead28	Erwiniaceae
sampleRead29	Buchnera
sampleRead30	Proteobacteria
sampleRead31	Dictyoglomi
sampleRead32	Cellvibrionales
sampleRead33	root
sampleRead34	Cellvibrio
sampleRead35	Desulfuromonadales
sampleRead36	Actinobacteria
sampleRead37	Dictyoglomaceae
sampleRead38	Nitrosomonadales
sampleRead39	Terrabacteria group
sampleRead40	Desulfuromonadales
sampleRead41	Cellvibrionales
sampleRead42	Micrococcales
sampleRead43	Rhizobiales
sampleRead44	Alphaproteobacteria
sampleRead45	Desulfuromonadales
sampleRead46	Erwiniaceae
sampleRead47	Nitrosomonadales
sampleRead48	Proteobacteria
sampleRead49	Shewanella putrefaciens
sampleRead50	Cellulomonadaceae
sampleRead51	Shewanella
sampleRead52	Dictyoglomia
sampleRead53	Terrabacteria group
sampleRead54	root
sampleRead55	Methylophilus methylotrophus
sampleRead56	Proteobacteria
sampleRead57	Cellvibrionaceae
sampleRead58	Gammaproteobacteria
sampleRead59	Dictyoglomi
sampleRead60	Alphaproteobacteria
sampleRead61	Desulfuromonadaceae
sampleRead62	Cellulomonas
sampleRead63	Dictyoglomaceae
sampleRead64	Shewanella colwelliana
sampleRead65	Terrabacteria group
sampleRead66	Azorhizobium caulinodans
sampleRead67	delta/epsilon subdivisions
sampleRead68	Actinobacteria
sampleRead69	Bacteria
sampleRead70	Nitrosomonadales
sampleRead71	Cellvibrionales
sampleRead72	Methylophilus methylotrophus
sampleRead73	Shewanellaceae
sampleRead74	root
sampleRead75	Cellulomonas
sampleRead76	Dictyoglomia
sampleRead77	Proteobacteria
sampleRead78	Cellulomonas
sampleRead79	delta/epsilon subdivisions
sampleRead80	Nitrosomonadales
sampleRead81	Methylophilaceae
sampleRead82	Rhizobiales
sampleRead83	Gammaproteobacteria
sampleRead84	Betaproteobacteria
sampleRead85	Cellulomonas gilvus
sampleRead86	Azorhizobium
sampleRead87	Cellvibrio
sampleRead88	Caulobacterales
sampleRead89	Betaproteobacteria
sampleRead90	Phenylobacterium
sampleRead91	Dictyoglomi
sampleRead92	Rhizobiales
sampleRead93	Nitrosomonadales
sampleRead94	Cellulomonas gilvus
sampleRead95	Caulobacterales
sampleRead96	Rhizobiales
sampleRead97	Bacteria
sampleRead98	Shewanella putrefaciens
sampleRead99	Enterobacterales
sampleRead100	Rhizobiales
sampleRead101	root
sampleRead102	Methylophilus methylotrophus
sampleRead103	Micrococcales
sampleRead104	Desulfuromonadaceae
sampleRead105	Caulobacterales
sampleRead106	Shewanellaceae
sampleRead107	Actinobacteria
sampleRead108	Xanthobacteraceae
sampleRead109	Bacteria
sampleRead110	Shewanella
sampleRead111	Dictyoglomaceae
sampleRead112	Caulobacteraceae
sampleRead113	Xanthobacteraceae
sampleRead114	Methylophilus methylotrophus
sampleRead115	Caulobacteraceae
sampleRead116	Buchnera aphidicola
sampleRead117	Shewanella colwelliana
sampleRead118	Pelobacter
sampleRead119	Actinobacteria
sampleRead120	Cellvibrionaceae
sampleRead121	delta/epsilon subdivisions
sampleRead122	delta/epsilon subdivisions
sampleRead123	Dictyoglomi
sampleRead124	Erwiniaceae
sampleRead125	Alphaproteobacteria
sampleRead126	Terrabacteria group
sampleRead127	Shewanella
sampleRead128	Deltaproteobacteria
sampleRead129	Cellulomonas
sampleRead130	Shewanella hanedai
sampleRead131	Cellvibrionales
sampleRead132	Desulfuromonadaceae
sampleRead133	Xanthobacteraceae
sampleRead134	Shewanella
sampleRead135	Cellulomonas gilvus
sampleRead136	Dictyoglomia
sampleRead137	Proteobacteria
sampleRead138	Cellvibrionaceae
sampleRead139	Actinobacteria
sampleRead140	Caulobacterales
sampleRead141	Erwiniaceae
sampleRead142	Dictyoglomia
sampleRead143	Cellvibrio
sampleRead144	Dictyoglomus
sampleRead145	Methylophilus
sampleRead146	Bacteria
sampleRead147	Cellulomonadaceae
sampleRead148	Phenylobacterium
sampleRead149	Dictyoglomales
sampleRead150	Buchnera aphidicola
sampleRead151	Shewanella
sampleRead152	Desulfuromonadaceae
sampleRead153	Shewanella
sampleRead154	Nitrosomonadales
sampleRead155	Shewanella colwelliana
sampleRead156	Methylophilus
sampleRead157	Enterobacterales
sampleRead158	Proteobacteria
sampleRead159	Erwiniaceae
sampleRead160	Shewanella
sampleRead161	Gammaproteobacteria
sampleRead162	Proteobacteria
sampleRead163	Dictyoglomales
sampleRead164	Caulobacteraceae
sampleRead165	Phenylobacterium
sampleRead166	delta/epsilon subdivisions
sampleRead167	Methylophilus
sampleRead168	Shewanellaceae
sampleRead169	Methylophilus methylotrophus
sampleRead170	Cellulomonas gilvus
sampleRead171	Erwiniaceae
sampleRead172	Xanthobacteraceae
sampleRead173	Enterobacterales
sampleRead174	Alphaproteobacteria
sampleRead175	Actinobacteria
sampleRead176	Desulfuromonadales
sampleRead177	Dictyoglomia
sampleRead178	Desulfuromonadaceae
sampleRead179	Micrococcales
sampleRead180	Erwiniaceae
sampleRead181	delta/epsilon subdivisions
sampleRead182	Caulobacteraceae
sampleRead183	Desulfuromonadales
sampleRead184	Caulobacterales
sampleRead185	cellular organisms
sampleRead186	Phenylobacterium
sampleRead187	Shewanellaceae
sampleRead188	Gammaproteobacteria
sampleRead189	Actinobacteria
sampleRead190	Shewanella colwelliana
sampleRead191	Betaproteobacteria
sampleRead192	Erwiniaceae
sampleRead193	Dictyoglomi
sampleRead194	Buchnera aphidicola
sampleRead195	Cellvibrio
sampleRead196	Erwiniaceae
sampleRead197	Shewanella colwelliana
sampleRead198	Cellulomonas gilvus
sampleRead199	Erwiniaceae
